GAME3011- Assignment 2 Design Document

System - This lock pick mini game allows the player to control a key which must go over lock pads
and activate them in order to open the lock. This system isn't a traditional skyrim like lock, or
rythm based but instead ustilizes the players skill to navigate mazes. I would use a system like this
for an RPG like game for opening doors or chests or as a standalone game, as the gameplay is solid
enough as a good mobile game prototype.

Inputs and System Design - As said before this lock pick system is more of a navigation and maze
minigame. It uses the WASD keys to move around the internals of the lock to avoid the walls and
reach lock pads which in turn will open up the locks. When over the pads pressing space will open
them, and visually que the player by turning green on the lock itself.

Levels of Difficulty - There are 3 levels of difficulty included in the game. Easy, the default,
which has 1 lock and wide spacing providing little challenge to the player to get to the correct
lock pad. However watch for the decoy pad, it does nothing! Medium, which ups the anti by having 
2 locks. The navigation is a little tighter but in a pattern that the player can adapt to and make
it through given the time alotted. Finally, Hard. This lock has 3 locks to switch with varying 
obstacles to get through such as tight squeezes and decoys pads to watch for. The time is scaled
for difficulty, easy getting 1 minute, medium getting 2, and hard getting 2 minutes and 30 seconds.

Player Skill - Upon completing a lock the player gains a level. Based on trial and error I found
the most balanced way to have this skill affect the system is to reduce the collision size of the
player. The players collider is then scaled by their level, for example, collider size / level.
The player's rotation speed is also scaled with level allowing for more fluid moveability.
I was first going to scale the players movement speed and rotation by level but that made the game
harder rather than easier.